Remember to keep real life arguments out of AuroraRPG!

1. Deathmatching
1.A - Deathmatching means killing another player outside of Las Venturas without any reason.
1.B - Killing another player in ANY interior is not allowed, even if it is in Las Venturas.
1.C - Wanted criminals can kill LAW members outside Las Venturas only if they are being chased by them.
1.D - Police officers have the right to kill a wanted criminal whatever they are, even in interiors.

2. Respecting Staff Members and Players
2.A - Respecting Staff Member is very important to improve their performance helping players and serving them.
2.B - Annoying Staff Members leads into a punishment and it may lead into a ban, please take care of your behavior since they only try to serve you.
2.C - Listening to Staff Members is important, and always remember that a staff member will never ask for your personal information or passwords.
2.D - Do not disrespect other players, be mature and lovely. They will be friendly with you, if they didn't, then feel free to make a complaint against them.
2.E - When you get an order from a staff member or a developer, you have to do it otherwise you will be punished for not listening to them.
2.F - Staff members have just more powers to take care about the server and the atmosphere, don't insult them because they are powerful more than you.
2.G - Players are humans too, you either respect them or you will be punished. Be friendly and they will be too.. 

3. Cheating/Abusing server bug(s)
3.A - Exploiting server bugs or doing anything that gives you an unfair advantage over others, or ruins their fun, is prohibited.
3.B - The use of trainers or any program that hooks into the game is strictly forbidden and will result in a server ban.
3.D - Cheating/Scamming a player to get advantages, it's forbidden.

4. Insulting/Flaming/Provoking
4.A Insulting, flaming, racism, degrading and hateful speech towards another player or staff member is prohibited. (Fuck Off, GTFO and STFU are considered provokings if repeated, not insults)
4.B - Causing a bad atmosphere on mainchat/teamchat it's not allowed, you can discuss with another player through personal messages, instead.
4.C - Provoking another player/staff is forbidden.
4.D - A - Making fun of people using words, making fun of their personality, IG names or real names is forbidden. [Ex: Curt - Cunt]

5. Armed Vehicles
5.A - Armed Vehicles spawned from official groups bases are under strict rules that you can find in the Team Management - Official Groups section, and their misusage is prohibited.
5.B - This does not apply to Armed Vehicles accessible to the privates from the shops.

6. Advertising
6.A - Advertising or just speaking about other servers/commercial products will result in a permanent server ban.
6.B - This means (Mainchat, Localchat, Supporthat/SMS/Teamchat/Carchat/Groupchat/Alliancechat)

7. Misusing support channel
7.A  - Do not misuse the support chat. Do not say "do not misuse the support chat" either, as that is basically misuse. Ask a question once and wait patiently for a response.
7.B - Once that somebody answered in support chat, is not needed to spam the chat with any other answer. One or Two answers are enough

8. Avoiding In-game situations
8.A - Do not avoid punishment, by disconnecting or by using another account. It will result into a ban.
8.B - Do not avoid to being killed by entering a safe zone or a house.
8.C - Do not suicide while being chased or avoiding getting killed by anyway.
8.D - Cops are allowed to suicide in LS games if the wanted criminals are ONLY outnumbered otherwise its forbidden.
8.E - Do not use /craft when you have less hp thats forbidden.

9. Speaking other languages
9.B - Only speak English in public chats (main, team and advertisement chats).
9.A - In local, personal messaging, car and group chats, any language can be spoken.

10. Misusing advertising channel
10.A - Do not use the main chat for advertising, use the advertisement chat instead (/advert message).
10.B - Do not misuse the advert system with stupid advertisements.

11. Spamming chat is not allowed. This includes all public chats (main, team, local and advert).
11.A - You're not allowed to use capslock on mainchat/teamchat/supportchat, it's considered as screaming/flooding.
11.B - You're not allowed to use mainchat for personal conversations, use /sms instead.
11.C - You're not allowed to talk about religion/sexual interests on mainchat.

12. Account Misusage
12.A - Selling accounts or other in-game contents is not allowed. Only use F10 or in game systems for legal processes.
12.B - Multi-accounting is allowed unless its made to abuse.

13. Trolling or grieving other players, without their consent, is strictly prohibited. 
13.A - Trolling can include blocking public areas, ramming your vehicle into other players, saying provocative things, laughing at others' punishments.
13.B - Keeping to troll in a hard way will eventually get you banned.
13.C - You are not allowed to ruin server events or you will be punished for 15 minutes.
13.D - Recuperating vehicle and blocking highways or LV toll with it is forbidden.

14. Heli-turfing or turfing on a place that is unreachable, it's not allowed.

15. Camping
15.A - Do not keep running around hospitals while wanted to avoid being arrested
15.B - Do not spawn a helicopter and land on hospitals or any type of that.

16. Blackmailing
16.A - You aren't allowed to blackmail someone [Ex: Give me money and I won't tell staff members that you abused also I got proof.] or [Ex: Give me money and I won't report you!]

17. Illegal programs
17.A - You are not allowed to use illegal programs like increasing lag or anything.
17.B - You are not allowed to share any type of illegal programs or you will be banned!.

18. Nicknames
18.A - Do not impersonate another player for fun or trolling.
18.B - Do not use Inappropriate name [Ex: 1#a723#Lx0l , 2222222222222222222222 or Noxion and so on]

19. Advert chat and reporting system
19.A - You aren't allowed advertise outside advert chat which is /advert
19.B - You aren't allowed to misuse the report system by spamming it with useless complaints.

20. Behaviour required
20.A - You aren't allowed to use any abusive language [Ex: You need a remedy, you are dumb!]
20.B - You aren't allwed to provoke [Ex: You are illegable, you are blind mate!]
20.C - Do not be immoral with other players.

21. Discord
21.A - Do -ticket to request for Community Member role
21.B - Do not make silly tickets which has no meaning or no point. [Ex: -ticket me want speek ok? thx]
21.C - #ingame is server chat, you are not allowed to abuse it otherwise your role will be instantly removed. You aren't allowed to request for it again!
21.D - #nfsw is a room for porn, all what you have to do is write -nfsw command, do -nfsw to see all commands which exists in that room. Do not share any porn/sexy image in another room or you will be banned.
21.E - Do not annoy other staff members by spamming their chatbox or you will be banned.